refactor: :recycle: minor rephrasings to "Is this workshop for you?" (#129)
rostools/github-intro: overview/is-it-for-you.qmd

To help manage expectations and develop the material for this workshop,
we make a few possible assumptions about *who you are* as a participant
in the workshop.

We assume you can relate to one or more of the following:

-   You want a gentle introduction to what GitHub is and how to use it.
-   You mostly work alone or maybe irregularly with someone else on your
    project.
-   You write text in documents as the main activity of your work (not
    code, for example).

> -   You are able to work on file--and are comfortable enough doing
>     so--only using a web browser interface (like GitHub's interface).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   You are able to work on files---and are comfortable enough doing
    so---while only using a web browser interface (like GitHub's interface).
```

emdash :relaxed:

Author: Ahhhhhhh
